README.md, before:

## About

This Repo is scheduled to automatically update (and it's lists) at least every 24 hours.

Lists are to be used with an adblocker solution which supports the "adguard" list format, an example: [AdGuardHome](https://github.com/AdguardTeam/AdGuardHome)


### Repo Status

[![Workflow](https://github.com/SystemJargon/filters/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/SystemJargon/filters/actions/workflows/main.yml) 
[![HitCount](https://hits.dwyl.com/systemjargon/filters.svg?style=flat&show=unique)](http://hits.dwyl.com/systemjargon/filters) 
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/systemjargon/filters)](https://github.com/systemjargon/filters/stargazers) [![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/systemjargon/filters)](https://github.com/systemjargon/filters/network/members) [![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/systemjargon/filters)](https://github.com/SystemJargon/filters/issues) 
[![last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/SystemJargon/filters.svg)](https://github.com/SystemJargon/filters/commits/master) [![commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/y/SystemJargon/filters.svg)](https://github.com/SystemJargon/filters/commits/master) ![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/systemjargon/filters)

----


Use the RAW files [linked](#the-lists) below this [README](https://github.com/SystemJargon/filters/blob/main/README.md) file in your AdGuard/Adblock solution. 

Notes:

* Some lists are defined as a blocklist or some an allowlist. Each list has a description or purpose for what it does, i.e allow, block telemetry.

* All lists (so the lines within) will have syntax validated and be de-duplicated. Some may have comments stripped. This is mostly to ensure file sizes (plus download/update times) are managable and future scalable. I may create releases to make this point mentioned, easier.

* You can check my aggregation of sources used in this repo [here](https://github.com/SystemJargon/filters/tree/main/source). Each txt list has a corresponding named JSON file.

* The aggregation of some lists are from my [blocklists](https://github.com/systemjargon/blocklists) or [allowlists](https://github.com/systemjargon/allowlists) repositories. 

* If you want my big Social Media Blocklist, see [here](https://github.com/SystemJargon/blocklists/blob/main/lists/categories/social-media/SystemJargon_Block_SocialMedia_AG.txt) or look in my blocklists repo under the Category of Social Media [here](https://github.com/SystemJargon/blocklists/blob/main/lists/categories/social-media)

* Feel free to 🌟/star the repo.

* Raise any issues or requests [here](https://github.com/SystemJargon/filters/issues/new/choose) 

----

## The Lists

| List Name & Github Link | List Name & RAW/Download) | Purpose/About |
| ---- | ---- | ---- |
| 📄   [Allowlist](allowlist.txt) | [Allowlist](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SystemJargon/filters/main/allowlist.txt) | Allow list for common services and sites | 
| ---- |
| 🚫   [Core list](core.txt) | [Core list](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/systemjargon/filters/main/core.txt) | Blocklist core aggregated lists of StevenBlackHosts, Adguard DNS Filter, OISD, Firebog ticklists |
| 🚫   [Porn list](porn.txt) | [Porn list](https://raw.githubusercontent.com//systemjargon/filters/main/porn.txt) | Blocklist well beyond 1 million entries across several lists for porn. |
| 🚫   [Security list](security.txt) | [Security list](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/systemjargon/filters/main/security.txt) | Blocklist aggregated from other well curated lists, anti scam/coinminer/malware/bad reputation categories|
| 🚫   [Phishing list](phishing.txt) | [Phishing list](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/systemjargon/filters/main/phishing.txt) | Blocklist aggregated from other well curated lists exclusively for phishing|
| 🚫   [Threats list](threats.txt) | [Threats list](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/systemjargon/filters/main/threats.txt) | Blocklist aggregated from my own multiple blocklists, anti phishing/scam/coinminer/malware/bad reputation categories|
| 🚫   [Telemetry list](telemetry.txt) | [Telemetry list](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/systemjargon/filters/main/telemetry.txt) | Big custom blocklist for Telemetry via SmartTV, Amazon, Windows, Android, iOS and additional Firebog telemetry lists. |
| 🚫   [Advertising list](ads.txt) | [Advertising list](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/systemjargon/filters/main/ads.txt) | Blocklist which is some of my own and aggregated popular adlists across Github and other places.|
| 🚫   [FireBog Ticklist](firebog-ticklist.txt) | [FireBog Ticklist](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/systemjargon/filters/main/firebog-ticklist.txt) | The blocklists which feature on the [Firebog ticklist here](https://v.firebog.net/hosts/lists.php?type=tick)
| 🚫   [Restrict-ByPass list](restrict-bypass.txt) | [Restrict-ByPass list](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/systemjargon/filters/main/restrict-bypass.txt) | My own curated list with supplement lists aggregated. The Blocklist is to prevent using other DNS or bypass methods like Tor, proxy, Apple Relay etc. 
----

Commit message:

remove overlap/dupe in security.txt from phishing and firebog-ticklist

README.md, after:

## About

This Repo is scheduled to automatically update (and it's lists) at least every 24 hours.

Lists are to be used with an adblocker solution which supports the "adguard" list format, an example: [AdGuardHome](https://github.com/AdguardTeam/AdGuardHome)


### Repo Status

[![Workflow](https://github.com/SystemJargon/filters/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/SystemJargon/filters/actions/workflows/main.yml) 
[![HitCount](https://hits.dwyl.com/systemjargon/filters.svg?style=flat&show=unique)](http://hits.dwyl.com/systemjargon/filters) 
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/systemjargon/filters)](https://github.com/systemjargon/filters/stargazers) [![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/systemjargon/filters)](https://github.com/systemjargon/filters/network/members) [![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/systemjargon/filters)](https://github.com/SystemJargon/filters/issues) 
[![last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/SystemJargon/filters.svg)](https://github.com/SystemJargon/filters/commits/master) [![commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/y/SystemJargon/filters.svg)](https://github.com/SystemJargon/filters/commits/master) ![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/systemjargon/filters)

----


Use the RAW files [linked](#the-lists) below this [README](https://github.com/SystemJargon/filters/blob/main/README.md) file in your AdGuard/Adblock solution. 

Notes:

* Some lists are defined as a blocklist or some an allowlist. Each list has a description or purpose for what it does, i.e allow, block telemetry.

* All lists (so the lines within) will have syntax validated and be de-duplicated. Some may have comments stripped. This is mostly to ensure file sizes (plus download/update times) are managable and future scalable. I may create releases to make this point mentioned, easier.

* You can check my aggregation of sources used in this repo [here](https://github.com/SystemJargon/filters/tree/main/source). Each txt list has a corresponding named JSON file.

* The aggregation of some lists are from my [blocklists](https://github.com/systemjargon/blocklists) or [allowlists](https://github.com/systemjargon/allowlists) repositories. 

* If you want my big Social Media Blocklist, see [here](https://github.com/SystemJargon/blocklists/blob/main/lists/categories/social-media/SystemJargon_Block_SocialMedia_AG.txt) or look in my blocklists repo under the Category of Social Media [here](https://github.com/SystemJargon/blocklists/blob/main/lists/categories/social-media)

* Feel free to 🌟/star the repo.

* Raise any issues or requests [here](https://github.com/SystemJargon/filters/issues/new/choose) 

----

## The Lists

| List Name & Github Link | List Name & RAW/Download) | Purpose/About |
| ---- | ---- | ---- |
| 📄   [Allowlist](allowlist.txt) | [Allowlist](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SystemJargon/filters/main/allowlist.txt) | Allow list for common services and sites | 
| ---- |
| 🚫   [Core list](core.txt) | [Core list](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/systemjargon/filters/main/core.txt) | Blocklist core aggregated lists of StevenBlackHosts, Adguard DNS Filter, OISD, Firebog ticklists |
| 🚫   [Porn list](porn.txt) | [Porn list](https://raw.githubusercontent.com//systemjargon/filters/main/porn.txt) | Blocklist well beyond 1 million entries across several lists for porn. |
| 🚫   [Security list](security.txt) | [Security list](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/systemjargon/filters/main/security.txt) | Blocklist aggregated from other well curated lists which do appear in phishing.txt nor firebog-ticklist.txt as of time of commit.|
| 🚫   [Phishing list](phishing.txt) | [Phishing list](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/systemjargon/filters/main/phishing.txt) | Blocklist aggregated from other well curated lists exclusively for phishing|
| 🚫   [Threats list](threats.txt) | [Threats list](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/systemjargon/filters/main/threats.txt) | Blocklist aggregated from my own multiple blocklists, anti phishing/scam/coinminer/malware/bad reputation categories|
| 🚫   [Telemetry list](telemetry.txt) | [Telemetry list](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/systemjargon/filters/main/telemetry.txt) | Big custom blocklist for Telemetry via SmartTV, Amazon, Windows, Android, iOS and additional Firebog telemetry lists. |
| 🚫   [Advertising list](ads.txt) | [Advertising list](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/systemjargon/filters/main/ads.txt) | Blocklist which is some of my own and aggregated popular adlists across Github and other places.|
| 🚫   [FireBog Ticklist](firebog-ticklist.txt) | [FireBog Ticklist](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/systemjargon/filters/main/firebog-ticklist.txt) | The blocklists which feature on the [Firebog ticklist here](https://v.firebog.net/hosts/lists.php?type=tick)
| 🚫   [Restrict-ByPass list](restrict-bypass.txt) | [Restrict-ByPass list](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/systemjargon/filters/main/restrict-bypass.txt) | My own curated list with supplement lists aggregated. The Blocklist is to prevent using other DNS or bypass methods like Tor, proxy, Apple Relay etc. 
----
